Mention the kubectl binary folder as PATH environment variable (#31355)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/tasks/tools/install-kubectl-windows.md

     $($(CertUtil -hashfile .\kubectl.exe SHA256)[1] -replace " ", "") -eq $(type .\kubectl.exe.sha256)
     ```

> 1. Add the binary's folder to your `PATH`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Append or prepend the kubectl binary folder to your `PATH` environment variable.
```

     $($(CertUtil -hashfile .\kubectl-convert.exe SHA256)[1] -replace " ", "") -eq $(type .\kubectl-convert.exe.sha256)
     ```

> 1. Add the binary's folder to your `PATH`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Append or prepend the kubectl binary folder to your `PATH` environment variable.
```
